[Music]
anybody's still eating go ahead don't
let me interrupt you I appreciate very
much having an opportunity to come down
here and join you ate more than I
usually eat for lunch I'll try to make
up for that days ahead listen I just
appreciate the chance to say thanks to
all of you for how easy you all make it
for us when we come here and how much we
enjoy coming here but the things that
you do we look forward to that Christmas
tree every year that we find all
decorated in the house and other things
of that kind and we're very grateful
believe me and now I have to tell you a
little story that'll explain what I'm
gonna say next
was back at Caesars time and they turned
the Christians loose into the Colosseum
and then loosed the hungry lions on them
and the Lions came roaring toward them
and one man stepped out from the little
huddle of people and said something
quietly and the Lions all lay down well
the crowd got mad they weren't going to
see any blood and they were very upset
and Caesar was angry and he had him
bring the man that had talked up to him
and he said what did you say to the
Lions that made him act like that he
said I just told him that after they ate
there'd be speeches
well there won't be any speech but I
just thought keep you long here but
maybe some time or other when you're
doing some of those nice things for UPS
you said I'd like some times I had a
chance to ask him well go ahead if
you've ever thought of any questions
you'd like to ask whatever it's about
fire away and maybe I won't do a
monologue here we'll have a dialogue
just sing out anyone that's got a
question honest I'm not in uniform I'm
just a civilian I thing you haven't
thought of anyone that wasn't
mark
well well I haven't got any speech to
make or anything commander you've got a
question who's my favorite actor well
years ago from the standpoint of acting
ability my favorite actor was Spencer
Tracy I think he was one of the great
actors of all time in the standpoint of
just admiring the guys there are two of
them that stand very high and one of
them is Jimmy Stewart was still around
and the other one was Duke Wayne I kind
of liked Dukes approach to life and he
was just the way that you saw him on the
screen he was that way he was he was a
great guy
Jimmy Stewart I little story when I was
campaigning in 1980 Jimmy Stewart went
out on the campaign trail with me and he
would introduce me in some of these
fundraising banquets but then he in turn
of course would first be introduced by
the master of ceremonies the local fella
and every time they'd introduce him as
the great actor and everything that he
was and every time I would when I after
Jimmy had introduced me I was say to the
man if you don't mind I would like these
people to know also that in Hollywood we
respect Jimmy Stewart because Jimmy
Stewart is major-general Jimmy Stewart
in the Air Force and was was that flying
a b-17 in the in the bombing runs over
Hamburg in World War two well one night
I the the emcee did mention it and said
Brigadier General Jimmy Stewart and
I got up and said I'm like I'm sorry but
I have to correct you it's Major General
Jimmy Stewart when we got back to the
hotel that night Jimmy said that that
that fellow was right
it is Brigadier he says I just never
corrected you before because it sounded
so good somebody else with a question
yes I thought it was great and you had
my very favorite food of all time
macaroni and cheese no it was it was
great
thank you I'm since I don't have us act
of a life anymore as these fellows do
though I'm glad that I don't have an
opportunity to get at that kind of food
every noon sitting there at an office
desk
usually I may get a bowl of soup except
for dessert I'm a dessert man yes
Oh somebody here said the Celtics no
I'll tell ya I don't get enough time
anymore
to keep track of what's going on in the
leagues and even then in in the college
university ball so I just usually kind
of have to wait until they find out what
what has happened instead of predicting
and besides you know in the present job
I've got I'm not supposed to have any
favorites somebody else nothing about
the budget or they
well you're worried about you know high
school graduate in 1964 I graduated in
28 do you say I signed your Oh Oh for
heaven's sakes yes now I do remember yes
well glad to be able to do it I don't
get to do things like that very much
anymore I think about the last time I
got to hand him out was at Annapolis and
then shook a thousand and fifty hands
anyone else yeah well I won't keep you
then I know you've got things to do and
I mean I hope that you weren't sitting
there with a question and just reluctant
to ask it because I enjoy this very much
and you haven't asked a one about the
job or what we're doing anything of that
kind well thank you all again for all
that you do for us here and we look
forward to these next 20 months and hope
we can get here more often than we have
in the last several weeks there's been a
long stretch for us when we don't get
here very often we feel we're being put
upon by the people down in Washington so
god bless you all thank you all
[Music]
thank you all